LCWG 37, 38, 39, 40 & 41 (#42)
zcash/lcwg: meeting-notes/lcwg-dev-41.md

 - GitHub actions - possible to run locally. Can use Play Store signing key for publishing.
 - Draft PR up to accommodate binary encoding specified for unified addresses to save a few bytes.
 - ZIP-321 needs update when a URI includes UA to transparent address and a memo, then the wallet should refuse to send the transaction. Adi to create a issue.
* Android SDK
  - New SDK release v1.11.0-beta01
  - API change to v.1.12.0-beta01
  - Bunch of new code in the compose UI, some of that will be ported to the SDK
* iOS SDK
  - 0.18-beta is on the way following the fix of file system cache
  - Main change is the way blocks are downloaded, reduced number of blocks are stored. Once the filesystem has the cache, a migration function to dump the cache.
  - The built in Filemanager higher level API does not have streaming function, it has save to disk. The improvement is minimal on iOS.
  - New work on inner changes to accommodate interface changes for DAGSync. The bigger changes are the latest one and the 0.18.0
  - Dropped support for cocoa pods on v0.18.0
* Lightwalletd
  - Shardtree state PR crate is in review.

>   - Stack of changes: we can begin refactoring zcashd - add note commitment tree position to the combat block format, then changes to zcashd to compute root of a subtree every 16-20 commitments (stored in cached db) - needs change of C++ implementation of incremental Merkel tree to the frontier type change, then a full history of 2^16 subtree roots can be made available to lightwalletd.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Stack of changes: we can begin refactoring zcashd - add note commitment tree position to the compact block format, then changes to zcashd to compute root of a subtree every 16-20 commitments (stored in cached db) - needs change of C++ implementation of incremental Merkle tree to the frontier type change, then a full history of 2^16 subtree roots can be made available to lightwalletd.
```

>   - Approx. timeline - next week zcashd part work, then hopefully done by end of Jan, then release zcashd release for end of service height - hoping to get the zcashd changes in place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Approx. timeline - next week zcashd part work, then hopefully done by end of Jan, then release zcashd for end of service height - hoping to get the zcashd changes in place.
```
